Added the English version of the docs for asynchronous replication (#9609)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/yql/reference/yql-core/syntax/create-async-replication.md

WITH (option = value [, ...])
```

### Parameters {#params}

* `name` — a name of the asynchronous replication instance.
* `remote_path` — a relative or absolute path to a table or directory in the source database.
* `local_path` — a relative or absolute path to a target table or directory in the local database.
* `WITH (option = value [, ...])` — asynchronous replication parameters:

    * `CONNECTION_STRING` — a [connection string](../../../concepts/connect.md#connection_string) for the source database (mandatory).
    * Authentication details for the source database (mandatory) depending on the authentication method:

        * [Access token](../../../recipes/ydb-sdk/auth-access-token.md):

            * `TOKEN_SECRET_NAME` — the name of the [secret](../../../concepts/datamodel/secrets.md) that contains the token.

        * [Login and password](../../../recipes/ydb-sdk/auth-static.md):

            * `USER` — a database user name.
            * `PASSWORD_SECRET_NAME` — the name of the [secret](../../../concepts/datamodel/secrets.md) that contains the password for the source database user.

## Examples {#examples}

{% note tip %}

> Before creating an asynchronous replication instance, you must [create](create-object-type-secret.md) a secret with authentication details for the source database or ensure that you have access to an existing secret with the required authentication details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating an asynchronous replication instance, you must [create](create-object-type-secret.md) a secret with authentication credentials for the source database or ensure that you have access to an existing secret.
```

{% endnote %}

> The following statement creates an asynchronous replication instance to replicate the `original_table` source table in the `/Root/another_database` database to the `replica_table` target table in the local database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following statement creates an asynchronous replication instance to synchronize the `original_table` source table in the `/Root/another_database` database to the `replica_table` target table in the local database:
```
